- HOW TO USE
    - Anything in all capital letters must not be changed.
    - Names of settings in SETTINGS must not be changed, but their values can change.
    - If "[ ]" appears to the left of a setting, type "x" into it ("[x]") to activate it.
    - If "= [ ]" appears to the right of a setting, type a value into it ("= [value]") to set the setting's value.

- SETTINGS
    - Iterations = [50]
    - Name for group, singular = [peptide concentration]
    - Name for groups, plural = [peptide concentrations]
    - Name for category, singular = [BSA concentration]
    - Name for categories, plural = [BSA concentrations]
    - [ ] Save candidate figures
    - [x] Save "All fits" figures
    - [x] Save "Averaged samples" figures
    - [ ] Save "Combined samples" figures
    - Selected experiment = [experiment1]
    - Category configuration defaults:
        - end = [120]
        - subtract_initial = [False]
        - subtract_min = [False]
        - combine_samples = [True]
        - max_as_max = [False]
    - Category collections:
        - 0% and 0.5% BSA
            - 0% BSA
            - 0.5% BSA
        - 0% and 0.05% BSA
            - 0% BSA
            - 0.05% BSA
    - Reports:
        - 1%-anchored logistic
            - Curve = [onepercent_anchored_logistic]
            - Variables to report = [Duration of lag phase (1% to 5%); Maximum rate (at 50% time); 1% time; 5% time; 10% time; 50% time; 90% time; 95% time; 99% time; Value at 90% time; Last data point value]
            - Other information = [Growth-lag ratio]
        - Normalized exponential
            - Curve = [normalized_exponential]
            - Variables to report = [Maximum rate (at start time); Start time; 1% time; 5% time; 10% time; 50% time; 90% time; 95% time; 99% time; Value at 90% time; Last data point value]
            - Other information = [ ]
    - Figures:
        - Name = [ThT fluorescence]
        - Independent variable axis = [Time (min)]
        - Dependent variable axis = [Intensity]
        - Font = [Arial]
    - Figure zoom settings:
        - Zoom magnifications:
            - 1
            - 6
            - 18
        - [x] Autozoom
    - Output file naming:
        - Notes:
            - For dates, use {yy}, {mm}, and {dd} to represent two-digit year, month, and day, respectively. Use {yyyy} to represent four-digit year.
            - For times, use {hour}, {min}, and {XM} to represent hour, min, and AM or PM in 12-hour style. For 24-hour style, use {HOUR} for hours and {min} for minutes.
        - File name = [0.5mMpeptide_allBSA_PROCESSED{yy}{mm}{dd}_{HOUR}{min}o'clock]
    - Column naming:
        - [ ] Letters and numbers
            - Examples:
                - A12, J2-10, M1-P4
                - If "maximum number" is 3, A1-C2 will be interpreted as A1, A2, A3, B1, B2, B3, C1, C2.
            - Maximum number = [12]
        - [x] Unnamed
            - Notes:
                - With this option, samples (data columns) are automatically given numbered names.
                - "n" is the number of samples per category.
                - If an independent variable column name is specified, the numbered names begin after that column.
                    - Anything before it will be skipped.
                - Examples:
                    - If independent variable column is Column 5 and n = 3:
                        - Category 1:
                            - Sample 1: column 6
                            - Sample 2: column 7
                            - Sample 3: column 8
            - n = [3]
        - (Optional) Independent variable column name = [time (min)]
            - Notes:
                - If left unspecified, the first column will be used.
    - Settings for Excel (.xlsx) files:
        - [ ] Join sheets vertically
        - [x] Use sheet names as groups
- EXPERIMENTS
    - Notes:
        - All experiments will get their data from the same input file.
        - Under each experiment, list its groups. Under each group, list its categories, each of which is given one or more samples as specified in SETTINGS.
        - If "Unnamed" is checked, list only one group.
        - If "Use sheet names as groups" is checked, list only one group; all groups will share its categories.
        - Category configuration:
            - To change a setting from its default for a specific category, add settings after the category in the format setting=value; or if using "Use sheet names as groups," use the format setting=[group1=value1; group2=value2 ... ]. Possible settings include:
                - end
                    - Ignore data after a specified independent variable value.
                    - Possible values: any real number
                - subtract_initial
                    - For each sample, subtract the first point's y-axis value from all points.
                    - Possible values: True or False
                - subtract_min
                    - For each sample, subtract the minimum point's y-axis value from all points.
                    - Possible values: True or False
                - combine_samples
                    - In addition to fitting each sample independently, fit a new sample created by combining the others.
                    - Possible values: True or False
                - max_as_max
                    - For each sample, use the maximum point's y-axis value as the fit's maximum possible y-axis value.
                    - Possible values: True or False
            - Examples:
                - Category 1 end=90
                - If "Use sheet names as groups" is checked:
                    - Category 1 end=[group1=90; group2=110]
    - experiment1
        - Categories
            - 2% BSA
            - 1% BSA
            - 0.5% BSA
            - 0.2% BSA
            - 0.1% BSA
            - 0.05% BSA
            - 0.02% BSA
            - 0.002% BSA
            - 0% BSA